don't that on the truck
chucky on the truck that's it on a truck
you hang in there there cameraman being
in there hey can't give me a water huh
don't worry hey don't worry about it I'm
the one ball in 60 games this week on
one or half a one and a half legs
call me and
just getting up I got up like 30 minutes
ago
it's sunday sunday
I
not in this place I don't want to think
of all the time like DeAndre she's not
here
Oh
seriously
would you say you have a plethora of
strikes right now just six
and way with 64 hey have fake
get the camouflage nikhil my shot
luckily
wilderness never find time
sue is gone on the truck right now this
is a little different than what you're
what you're accustomed to seeing and the
shape will look a little different too
and you'll like it it'll go through the
pins a lot more with a lot more
authority getting the ball to go through
there and do the right thing I think is
really important okay and we're going to
go with a little weaker pinned and you
normally use because I want the ball to
store a little bit more energy okay
right so boxes on the hops a little bit
more on the back
oh you know it changes a little when no
it doesn't yourself you didn't be in
their hands with the baba booey and
shouldn't change with you as much as it
does with them you're out here didn't
have a great time compete get the
experience and they're out here trying
to make a living because I don't want
Howard to say you call yourself a pro
bowl or you can't beat Scott
Eddie how do you explain yourself I
guess we're so excited about the ball
reaction I had a feeling hey you look
like a million bucks right now almost
Plus what games you go to the Wicked
Game three 40 40 40 40 with a class
three who's all he's seeing the same
result a lot of us are seeing Oh make
any strike thrown away can't you strike
something come on out boys be this is
fun you got video proof that you've been
working all year if you're if you're
ever around a tour stop come on out and
see us you can help us slip balls under
the truck